#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.7.1
    # via django
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via markdownify
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
cryptography==40.0.2
    # via
    #   django-anymail
    #   social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
django==3.2.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-csp
    #   django-guardian
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-storages
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-anymail==10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-csp==3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
django-guardian==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-hijack==3.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages[google]==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
elasticsearch==7.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==7.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
feedparser==6.0.11
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core[grpc]==2.11.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.18.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-appengine-logging==0.2.0
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-audit-log==0.2.5
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-core==2.3.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-logging==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-storage==1.44.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-storages
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.5.0
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.59.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.54.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.54.2
    # via google-api-core
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.4
    # via requests
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
markdownify==0.11.6
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-logging
pillow==9.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
proto-plus==1.22.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-logging
protobuf==4.23.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2-binary==2.9.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyjwt==2.7.0
    # via social-auth-core
pyliftover==0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via elasticsearch-dsl
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2023.3
    # via django
redis==4.5.5
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-anymail
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   slacker
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via social-auth-core
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
sgmllib3k==1.0.0
    # via feedparser
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   google-auth
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   markdownify
    #   python-dateutil
slacker==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
slugify==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
social-auth-app-django==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
social-auth-core==4.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-app-django
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via django
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   django-anymail
    #   elasticsearch
    #   google-auth
    #   requests
whitenoise==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
